The Lord of Golden Cicada Leaf City holds the power to kill the ship
We can't mess with him
You go in first
Here I am
He can't leave.
No, you can't.
From now on
I am solely responsible for this
Is there anything
You can come at me
You are in charge
What are you responsible for?
It's just that you don't even grow your hair.
What to take responsibility for
You bastard dare to offend me
In Yunju Castle
My sister killed you like an ant
Rong a small Yongzhou City Lord
Disrespect
Not for the name, but for the life of the traitor
I see his position as the city lord
It's kind of done.
What the hell are you?
My sister is also something you can discuss
Humph power
Power is power
The power is as big as the sky, do you understand?
I'd like to see how powerful your family is
It's you.
If we offend the Ye Bed Master, our Shen family will really be finished
Even if the opposite side is really standing here
He doesn't dare to be disrespectful to me
Hey, my sister dare not be disrespectful to you.
Who do you think you are?
God of War? The sea breeze is strong, you are not afraid to flash your tongue
You don't deserve to know who I am
Joke
I am the owner of the largest antique store in Yongzhou
billionaire
It is a first-class family in Yongzhou
You little white face who eats soft rice
Dare to be full of mouth here
Believe it or not, I'll disappear from the market right away
Miss Ye is young
Be careful what he says
You adults don't remember villains
Just let him go
Let him go too late
Miss Ye, please
Raise your hand and let me go